gh-124552 : Improve the accuracy of possible breakpoint check in bdb (#124553)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-09-25-22-06-52.gh-issue-124552.1nQKNM.rst

> Improve the accuracy of possible breakpoint check in bdb so we can disable unnecessary events in functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve the accuracy of :mod:`bdb`'s check for the possibility of breakpoint in a frame. This makes it possible to disable unnecessary events in functions.
```
